every day people go to the single teen
while life passes them by but for the
men in black it's the same old routine
with a brand new least style and so
you're back from outer space I just
walked in to find you here with that sad
look upon your face I should have
changed that stupid lock I should hide
it in for a world of trouble where we
got big bad mojo and the only agent who
can stop it
doesn't even know he's an agent
you don't remember me but we used to
work together I never work in a funeral
home there's some ugly to you slick why
do you think it's so comfortable here
the Earth's very existence may rest on
white Kay knows you're back nobody said
you were dead you look good
get him over to Dean your own ization go
put it on what the last suit you'll ever
wear again don't worry about any hope
it's live here came a check up music
oh wait Manjeet Hartman always do the
drugs my way no I'll remember that
so you used to drive that old busted
joint I Drive
Delilah's holding but this new Honda
[Music]
back in business
you didn't make what would you be back
in action
in black in black to second standard
actually came with a black dude but he
kept getting pulled over